SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 36 (#11451)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/how-to-set-the-tile-size-for-a-tilebrush.md

> The following example uses an <xref:System.Windows.Media.ImageBrush>, a type of <xref:System.Windows.Media.TileBrush>, to paint a rectangle with tiles. The example sets each tile to  50 percent by 50 percent of the output area (the rectangle). As a result, the rectangle is painted with four projections of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses an <xref:System.Windows.Media.ImageBrush>, a type of <xref:System.Windows.Media.TileBrush>, to paint a rectangle with tiles. The example sets each tile to 50 percent by 50 percent of the output area (the rectangle). As a result, the rectangle is painted with four projections of the image.
```

The following illustration shows the output that the example produces:

> ![Screenshot that shows tiling with an image brush.](./media/how-to-set-the-tile-size-for-a-tilebrush/rectangle-tile-image-brush.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A rectangle with four cherries demonstrating tiling with an image brush.](./media/how-to-set-the-tile-size-for-a-tilebrush/rectangle-tile-image-brush.png)
```

[!code-csharp[UsingImageBrush_snip#RelativeTileSizeExample](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_Wpf/UsingImageBrush_snip/CSharp/TileSizeExample.cs#relativetilesizeexample)]

The next example creates an <xref:System.Windows.Media.ImageBrush>, sets its <xref:System.Windows.Media.TileBrush.Viewport%2A> to `0,0,25,25` and its <xref:System.Windows.Media.TileBrush.ViewportUnits%2A> to <xref:System.Windows.Media.BrushMappingMode.Absolute>, and uses it to paint another rectangle. As a result, the brush produces tiles that have a width of 25  pixels and a height of 25 pixels .

The following illustration shows the output that the example produces:

> ![Screenshot that shows a tiled TileBrush with a Viewport.](./media/how-to-set-the-tile-size-for-a-tilebrush/25-x-25-viewport-tilebrush.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A rectangle with forty-eight cherries demonstrating a tiled TileBrush with a Viewport.](./media/how-to-set-the-tile-size-for-a-tilebrush/25-x-25-viewport-tilebrush.png)
```
